#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
-e git+https://github.com/skellet0r/brownie@fix/banteg/multicall#egg=eth-brownie
    # via -r requirements.in
apipkg==1.5
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   execnet
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   black
    #   eth-brownie
    #   virtualenv
asttokens==2.0.4
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   vyper
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
base58==2.1.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   multiaddr
bitarray==1.2.2
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
black==20.8b1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   eth-brownie
cachecontrol==0.12.6
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via cryptography
cfgv==3.3.0
    # via pre-commit
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pip-tools
cryptography==3.4.7
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests
cytoolz==0.11.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-utils
decorator==5.0.9
    # via retry
distlib==0.3.1
    # via virtualenv
eth-abi==2.1.1
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-event
    #   web3
eth-account==0.5.4
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   web3
eth-event==1.2.3
    # via eth-brownie
eth-hash[pycryptodome]==0.3.1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-event
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-keyfile==0.5.1
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
eth-keys==0.3.3
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-keyfile
eth-rlp==0.2.1
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
eth-typing==2.2.2
    # via
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-utils
    #   web3
eth-utils==1.10.0
    # via
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-event
    #   eth-hash
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-rlp
    #   rlp
    #   web3
execnet==1.8.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pytest-xdist
fake-useragent==0.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.0.12
    # via virtualenv
flake8==3.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
hexbytes==0.2.1
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-event
    #   eth-rlp
    #   web3
hypothesis==6.10.0
    # via eth-brownie
identify==2.2.6
    # via pre-commit
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   mythx-models
    #   pythx
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pytest
ipfshttpclient==0.7.0a1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   web3
isort==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   mythx-models
    #   web3
loguru==0.5.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lru-dict==1.1.7
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   web3
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
msgpack==1.0.2
    # via cachecontrol
multiaddr==0.0.9
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   ipfshttpclient
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   eth-brownie
mythx-models==1.9.1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pythx
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   multiaddr
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
numpy==1.20.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pytest
pandas==1.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
parsimonious==0.8.1
    # via
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-brownie
pathspec==0.8.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   eth-brownie
pep517==0.10.0
    # via pip-tools
pip-tools==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pytest
pre-commit==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.18
    # via eth-brownie
protobuf==3.15.8
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   web3
psutil==5.8.0
    # via eth-brownie
py-solc-ast==1.2.8
    # via eth-brownie
py-solc-x==1.1.0
    # via eth-brownie
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-forked
    #   retry
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.10.1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-hash
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   vyper
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via flake8
pygments-lexer-solidity==0.7.0
    # via eth-brownie
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pygments-lexer-solidity
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pythx
pyopenssl==20.0.1
    # via requests
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pytest-forked==1.3.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-xdist==1.34.0
    # via eth-brownie
pytest==6.2.3
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-xdist
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   mythx-models
    #   pandas
    #   pythx
python-dotenv==0.16.0
    # via eth-brownie
pythx==1.6.1
    # via eth-brownie
pytz==2021.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pre-commit
regex==2021.4.4
    # via
    #   black
    #   eth-brownie
requests[security,socks]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   eth-brownie
    #   ipfshttpclient
    #   py-solc-x
    #   pythx
    #   vvm
    #   web3
retry==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rlp==1.2.0
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-brownie
    #   eth-rlp
semantic-version==2.8.5
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   py-solc-x
    #   vvm
    #   vyper
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   eth-brownie
    #   jsonschema
    #   multiaddr
    #   parsimonious
    #   protobuf
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   python-dateutil
    #   virtualenv
sortedcontainers==2.3.0
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   hypothesis
stem==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   eth-brownie
    #   pep517
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest
toolz==0.11.1
    # via
    #   cytoolz
    #   eth-brownie
tqdm==4.60.0
    # via eth-brownie
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   eth-brownie
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   eth-brownie
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   requests
varint==1.0.2
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   multiaddr
virtualenv==20.4.7
    # via pre-commit
vvm==0.1.0
    # via eth-brownie
vyper==0.2.12
    # via eth-brownie
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   prompt-toolkit
web3==5.18.0
    # via eth-brownie
websockets==8.1
    # via
    #   eth-brownie
    #   web3
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via eth-brownie

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
